Add backward compat tests (#10629)
mlflow/mlflow: tests/resources/pyfunc_models/README.md

> # Historical Pyfunc Models

Author: @harupy is this something like what you had in mind?

Reviewer: looks great!

Author: awesome, i'll rebase and see if the tests pass

These serialized model files are used in backwards compatibility tests, so we can ensure that models logged with old versions of MLflow are still able to be loaded in newer versions.

These files were created by running the following:

1. First, install the desired MLflow version with `$ pip install mlflow=={version_number}`
2. Next, run the following script from MLflow root:

```python
import mlflow

class MyModel(mlflow.pyfunc.PythonModel):
    def predict(self, context, model_input):
        return model_input

model = MyModel()

mlflow.pyfunc.save_model(
    python_model=model,

>     path="tests/resources/pyfunc_models/2.8.1",  # replace with the version you installed

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    path=f"tests/resources/pyfunc_models/{mlflow.__version__}",  # replace with the version you installed
```

Author: 🤯
